# Adelaode Blockchain Incorporated - Minutes 18/11/2018
#### Attendees: Paul Pounendis, Sarah Jamieson, Ruslan Mugalimov, Barbara Vrettos, Ivan Seares Nunes, Daniel Ng 
### First Board Meeting - No actions from previous meetings
## Meeting Time 
-	Monthly
-	Sunday 1-3pm is now the agreed upon meeting time. 
## Deciding on medium for sharing files
-	Having a single DropBox account, password is shared amongst board members.
-	Decide on a solution (Ivan, Barbara, Paul) over the next few days. 
## Budget/Finance Items
-	Providing a TFN (Secretary, Receptionist, Public officer, Director)
- An alternative is providing details such as home address and etc.
-	Most likely will not need an accountant, treasury issues should be simple enough to sort ourselves.
-	After being elected, treasurer will need to go down to bank and grab two cards, head of operations will keep one copy and the treasurer will keep the second.
## Airdrop event recap
-	Next time use the attention to hold an info session after the event.
- Announce positions so interested people can actually take part and contribute.
## Bootcamp
-	November 24th on Lot 14. 
-	Will need to facilitate computer needs (extension cords, power boards, etc.).
## Roles for the board

#### School outreach (role will be filled later, below are some actionables related to the role):
- Find a medium to convey ideas in a simple way.
- Gameify blockchain?
-	An elective for second year students, Blockchain Fundamentals could to be a winter or summer school elective.
-	We will focus on building content, University will audit it. 
-	Head of Education
-	Co-heading r&d – Daniel/Ivan

#### Marketing:
- Co-heading marketing – Sarah/Ruslan 

#### External Communications:
- Co-heading – Paul/Barbara  

#### Secretary:
- Ruslan  

#### Treasurer:
- Ivan  

#### President:
- Paul

#### Head of operations:
- Paul  
## Website
-	Everyone gets their own email on the domain, can organise domain emails.
## Marketing Meeting
-	19th Paul, Sarah, Ruslan meetup and discuss marketing intricacies, come up with some templates and discuss general strategies. 
## Dev meeting
-	Paul and Ivan meetup and discuss what the workshop material will contain. 
