
# Adelaide Blockchain Board Meeting Minutes 30/03/19
#### Attendees: Paul Pounendis, Ivan Seares Nunes, Barbara Vrettos, Sarah Jamieson, Daniel Nguyen
## Meeting Minutes
### Discussing the best times for the board meetings
-	Having meetings every 2 weeks (Legally biding have to have monthly)
### Marketing meetings: 
-	Unsure regarding time frame, may be within the range of every 2 weeks to once a month depending on the team at hand and the time period/allocation that may be at hand.

-	Things change quite quickly, but perhaps a 30 mins meeting every 2 weeks is a pretty reasonable commitment

### Discussed meeting commitments on the team availability form of the excel sheet (GDrive)
- Members were assigned to fill it up.
- 	Saturday about 3 PM should be a good meeting time for everyone!

### Members and emails list: 
-	EvenBride email list may be used? Could be a bit of a malpractice.
	- 	As a result, there is a discussion regarding the legality of that emailing list being used.
- **Board decision:**  Email from Paul’s email as long as he already had the contact beforehand! 

### Volunteer communication:
- Sarah has been emailing the marketing volunteers to get them on board with regards to contacts, etc.

### Events
#### Future of bitcoin on moonshine labs (Wednesday)
   - Pizza + Drinks
	- Look at the previous events budgets in order to allocate the budget
	- 30 - 50 people
	- 100 - 150 Dollars allocation to the event (not including chairs)
	- There is no chairs and what have you, hence this need to be taken care of 


#### Info session + project information night
- Late April or early May
- Need to get this sorted (docs) by the end of the week
- Mentor programme for each project getting a mentor in order to have a support
- Get Daniel and Ivan on work with this
- Quant (John Paul) --> Barb to get all of the information whenever she receives the info.

#### Computer society event
- Paid event ($AUD30) with student discounts (FREE) 
- May 21st 
- A lot of good things will be happening then 
- Panels and events and networking will be part of the event
- Facebook event should be all good by next week (Graphics with Paul?)
- Paul, Barb and Sarah will be working on this to be sent by Tuesday (02/04)

### Other items discussed:

-  **Adelaide Oval Session**
	-  Paul and Barbara did a consultation session with them (1 hour)
	- Will have another meeting soon in order to get everything sorted properly
	-  They will be announcing that they are going to have some sort of blockchain framework implementation by mid May
	- _May be interesting to announce this in the project info session night in order to get students both into consultation and implementation of whatever work and project proposal they have_

-  **Westpac**
	- Westpac: 10 ideas that they think would be applicable to blockchain 
	- Form working groups and work on them 
	- The working groups will be pitching the solutions to managers and bankers

<br />

**NOTE:** _Membership will be free until we demonstrate that we are able to provide more value (merchandise, event discounts, etc.)_


#### _**Scalability is key! Soon this might be able to be scaled into some sort of monetary return format by 2020 or so!**_

<br /> 

### Deliverables:
 - Event on Wednesday (Bitcoin Rusty)

- Fledge out a bit better the projects  =  1 - 2-week timeline
	-  Blockchain based CTF for events soon?
- Make sure volunteers should start doing things!
- Template for the minutes

- Getting finances done and make them publicly available

- Getting graphics up by Monday night for Computer Society event
