# Adelaide Blockchain Board Meeting Minutes 30/1/19
#### Attendees: Paul Pounendis, Ivan Seares Nunes, Barbara Vrettos, Sarah Jamieson, Ruslan Mugalimov
## Meeting Minutes
### Ivan and Paul to finish accounting
-	Receipts sorted
-	Ready to transfer funds
-	If people need to verify, feel free to do so.
-	We have ~1500 dollars of funding available to us
### Covering running costs
-	Need to start talking about covering our running costs ~$70 a month
-	Get a google document going talking about whether we want to charge for memberships
### Applying to Lot Fourteen
-	
### SABA
-	A potential competitor to what we want to do
-	They aren’t looking to run events
-	Seek to represent the industry rather than to provide education etc. 
-	Since they aren’t seeking to do events, we can have a supplementary relationship with them in hosting events.
### 2019 Strategy Discussion
-	Mentorship program? Connect a group of students to experts in Australia to promote ongoing discussion/education etc.
-	Start providing opportunities, experience etc.
- Determine volunteer roles, see below.
### Any additional Updates
-	For future workshops, preface the workshop by explaining that this isn’t beginner level information
-	Could potentially hold a cookie cutter intro course every summer and winter for people new to the scene explain the basics of blockchain.
### Volunteers
-	Come up with guides for the volunteer people so that they are able to engage 
-	Interview sessions, discuss with people over 15 minutes slots, allocate time and get it done 
-	Find an ‘events’ person who is happy to run and organise events. 
-	Graphic design person who is able to design visual for Adelaide Blockchain
### ACS Event/Events in general
-	Dev call with Origin Protocol Feb 27th
-	March 1st week dev call with Dispatch Labs
-	Panel event (Paul is talking to Scott)
-	Algoram? 
-	Australian Computing Society – want to host a blockchain for business event, hosting a panel with Q&A, looking for good topics related to computing and blockchain. Up to 200 attendees.
-	Event schedule
-	Footer email sorted out in G-suite
### Marketing
-	Monthly medium article
-	List people who are interested in marketing (there seems to be a few)
### R&D Projects
-	Monetary incentive, potentially have some projects started by March
